um so that is you know quarter of a
million people suddenly coming on the
market and going hey the typical
companies that I might bounce to from a
meta to an Amazon to a Google for
example they're now not
[Music]
hiring do you need hard skills to be a
great B2B marketer welcome back to a
fresh episode of Breaking B2B I'm your
host Sam Dunning founder over at
breaking
bb.com so joining me today I've got Adam
Harrison Adam is the SVP of marketing
over at Weaver they're a fintech based
in the UK Adam welcome to the show how
are we doing very good time thank you
for having me you're very welcome
excited to dive in it's our first guest
episode we've done for a while so
looking forward to a bit banter a bit of
debate so we're going to be diving into
B2B marketing do you need hard skills in
today's SAS B2B marketing landscape
we're going to be talking a bit about
what we feel it's like being a B2B
marketer 2025 and Beyond at the time
recording what we actually mean when we
say hard skills from a marketing
perspective differences between soft
skills people management hard
skills what it's like compared to
working at a startup and the contrast to
working at kind of midmarket and
Enterprise logs and also diving into r
two cents when it comes to folks that
maybe at the early stage of their
marketing Journey who want to eventually
work the way up the ladder to director
level or similar so with that
said what do you feel the state of play
what do you feel it's like being a B2B
marketer in today's
world I think one of the overarching
things at the moment is that there's a
lot of pressure on all businesses out
there right and so particularly as B2B
marketer you're feeling that in terms of
Greater pressure to be able to prove the
value of what your marketing is
producing right that's always been super
important but you know when the funding
environment for your company is a little
bit tough or you know when you're
hearing about layoffs at large companies
that you may be working at or your
friends are still working at it just
surpris a lot of pressure I think you
know we're also facing tons of
opportunity in in in form in the form of
innovation coming our way be that one of
the AI tools and gizmos if you get super
excited about or others so we've got
tons of opportunities to do much more
with less people and more tools um and
we're also feeling that pressure on our
back to be able to do that right because
we have to turn uh you know a into B and
uh the climate right now is a little bit
tricky I
agree you tired of competitors ranking
above you on Google stealing traffic
leads and mind share from dream clients
every time they're searching for your
services or offers on Google breaking
B2B we fix that with our unusual
approach to SEO content marketing and
websites we craft B2B SEO strategies and
websites for Revenue not vanity head
over to Breaking bb.com to check our
results pricing or to book a call with
me I agree it feels like it feels
similar so it feels like on one side
there's a bunch of tech companies hiring
like crazy but on the other side I've
only got to scroll the LinkedIn feed and
I can see that marketers are looking for
work or company's letting folks go so
it's it does feel like it's a bit kind
of all singing or dancing one end and
then despair the
other yeah 100% And everybody's jumping
on the AI bandwagon right and that's
seems to be where all of the fun is at
the
moment yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so
diving into the topic yeah when we say
hard skills for a B2B marketer in your
opinion what does that mean what does
that look
like yeah I mean for me hard skills have
always been can you actually do the
craft as well as talk about the craft
and uh pontificate intelligently in the
right rooms about the craft as well um
so if we think about B2B marketing you
know specifically if you're working on a
smaller company such as a startup or a
scaleup you know in my case specifically
Bally that's where I am at the startup
size you know uh hard skills are can I
build that link LinkedIn campaign do I
know my way around uh HubSpot can I
figure out how to do that social media
ad myself as well as manipulate the data
and come up with the insights and all
those things that if you're in a bigger
company uh you may have people who do
that for you or all the tools that do
that for you and it becomes more about
talking about what the marketing team
does drawing the link between what the
marketing team uh is doing and uh the
the kpis of the business really cares
about uh whereas the hard skills are
doing the do should we say getting it
done getting it
done it's uh it's a tough balance really
um and do you think from a this is a
this is a high level
question these days do you think as a
B2B marketer especially with AI being
able to certainly speed up a lot of
workflows that traditionally took a long
time do you think it pays off more to be
a a
generalist that knows like like you
mentioned there a little bit about
LinkedIn ads maybe can get a Google ads
campaign running can do some retargeting
can set up a HubSpot instance and can do
these kind of cool things maybe knows a
little bit about WordPress or web
flow has a good General understanding of
core things opposed to someone that's I
don't know all in on events marketing or
all in on demand gen or All In on SEO or
paid media um you think there there's
pros and cons to each or where do you
sit on that
standpoint I think it depends uh really
about obviously the role you're in and
the size of your company typically like
very broad Strokes if you're working at
a bigger Tech you know generally you're
becoming more specialized in what you're
doing you're working on one channel
you're working on one product or you're
just working on one audience and doing a
few things with them versus when you are
working in a startup generally uh you
need to be a generalist right so you've
got to do the email the reporting the
ads the campaigns research what what
have you you've got to do all of that so
it really does benefit you to be a
generalist if you're in a smaller Siz
company but typically also I think if
you're in a smaller company you also
need to have t-shaped depth in an area
too so i' would always call myself a
generous marketer but t-shaped depth in
digital be that paid advertising or
understanding how digital stuff works um
and then also in campaign audiation
coming up with creative ideas that's
just kind of what the skills were that I
gained from Big Tech and I brought them
down to a startup so I think the answer
is depends on the role depends on the
company um it's always good to have
depth in an area regardless of where you
are I feel like certainly if you reeled
back kind of to 2020 when everything
went digital if you're a field marketer
or events marketer or something like
that and that was all you doubled down
on and that was your craft you would
have been pretty crushed certainly for a
couple
years Crush in what way in the sense
that if that was all you did and then
those roles got taken out I.E there
weren't events going on in the pan
pandemic um I feel that could have
been obviously hindsight's a wonderful
thing it is I business but it's just one
example that comes to mind it is and
there there unfortunately quite often
the first roles that go right PR
marketing budget get get slash first and
you know when I think for marketing
typically it's uh events or ones that
that that go quite quickly as well um
it's hard right so I think the
phenomenon that people are that we're
seeing really right now is
that no longer is it just layoffs
happening in startups which was always
the typical story you know startups fail
or they need to adjust downwards in size
we've seen that over the last few years
this is happening to Big Tech which is
the safe and kushy environment to be in
for years and years and years fully
stocked fridges nice kitchens good
salaries great pension all the benefits
you know suddenly shock horror they
started making layoffs and I think
there's a stat that I saw in 2023 there
was
262,000 layoffs uh in big Tech in that
year Alone um so that is two you know
quarter of a million people suddenly
coming on the market and going hey the
typical companies that I might bounce to
from a meta to an Amazon to a Google for
example they're now not hiring and I'm
good at doing events so how do I brush
my CV up and actually figure out what
else I can what I can do and how how how
much that slot into a A scaleup or a
startup who do need marketing skills but
actually they need more than you know
that very deep depth that I've gotten in
just one area yeah yeah that's a mad
startat
so we've talked a bit about being more
of an a
rounder how would you say on on the flip
side on the people management side not
necessarily just people management but
dealing with exacts dealing with layers
in the management team presenting cases
working with folks maybe working with
external agencies as opposed to quote
unquote getting your hands dirty with
tactics and strategies handson how would
you say that kind of Compares and what
the the main differences
are I mean the obvious one if we're
talking about you know being a people
manager versus like a practitioner
marketer the practitioner marketer is
doing those things that we were just
talking about you know they're jumping
into their channel that they own they're
building those campaigns they're doing
the reporting they're getting the assets
that kind of thing so all of the hard
skills are on display typically you know
in a marketing team they're thinking
about the marketing metrics and they're
thinking about the kpis that relate to
their Channel or the project is
typically in the marketing sphere right
but then when you are moving up into a
people management role again it depends
whether you're in a huge company or a
small company uh typically you're like
you're orchestrating more and you're
optimizing team performance and that's
what you're trying to get your team to
be in the the best shape to have the
biggest impact um and then outside of
your team you know it's about aligning
with broader activities in the company
so quite often working with the sales
team might be working with a product
team um and gaining influence on those
teams to make sure that you know your
your team has not got blockers in front
of them to be able to do what they need
to do so it's a different skill set
entirely really from being a Hands-On
practitioner pushing buttons to somebody
who's in a people management role and
another really important aspect of that
is if you know in my position for
example you know my job is to translate
what marketing does into the metrics
that the sea level and the board care
about they're not coming to me asking
about cpcs or ctrs or Impressions or
things like that they care about
pipeline deals ARR you know what are the
metrics that marketing can actually move
for them they're the problems they want
solved and marketing needs to be able to
solve them so it's my job as that people
manager running the whole ship to be
able to create that link to prove you
know marketing's Worth to the
organization uh strategic advisor not
the people who are in the coloring
department or making things look pretty
which is yeah something we do too too uh
so that's that's a few of the
differences how would you recommend
marketers go about
deciding which is going to be the right
fit for
them uh people managing or being a
Hands-On practitioner
yeah um I think the only way you can
figure it out is by doing it right you
know I've gone from being an individual
contributor to a manager to an
individual contributor back to a manager
again and you're just going to
understand whether you like that or not
you know I've Got Friends now who are
you know my age mid mid to late 40s and
they're dead set against ever managing
people because they don't want the faf
of dealing with other people to be
honest right and having to worry about
other people people's performance and
just come in and do their own thing but
you only gain that by by experience you
I would love people management you know
it comes with the pros and the cons
obviously it's great when everybody's
doing super well the company's doing
well and your team's doing well there's
huge cons when that's not the case and
then you've got to deal with some of the
the harder sides of people management
but it's really just a case of case of
doing it I'd say one thing you probably
could do is you know look at the people
who you admire who are in specific roles
and see do they seem to be enjoying it
what is it they're actually doing in
those roles and that does that look like
something that you could uh imagine
yourself doing or not but really comes
down to experience what do you think I
think that's good advice I think I am
cuz you've ran your own business before
you've done both end of the spectrum
you've been a practitioner now you're a
marketing
leader and you've kind of done it all
and I've I've done some of it in the
sense that I'm always going to be biased
towards start in a in a startup like
that would be my that would be the best
advice I could give anyone because
you're literally going to be
doing a bit of everything and you're
going to be under a lot of pressure but
especially if you're young or you're new
to marketing doesn't matter doesn't
matter how old you are really if you're
breaking into B2B marketing it's one of
the best ways to learn like if you're
getting thrown by probably the founder
because it probably is a small business
whether it's a small business or a tech
St it doesn't really matter but they're
probably like one day like I want you to
set up a LinkedIn campaign or I want you
to help manage the profile I want you to
make some updates to the we website or
get us up and running on Google ads and
the thing is necessity as as cliche as
it sounds necessity is the mother of
invention and I know from my own
experience like running this business
for the last year or so that when you're
against it you make happen when you
have to make stuff happen you make it
happen when you've got time or you've
got other people to rely on then you sit
back when you have to do it no one else
is going to do it you will make it
happen you'll find a way and those are
some of the from in my opinion the best
ways to know one if it's right for you
but two especially if you're new to
marketing like it's one of the best ways
to see what what you like get that
hands-on experience especially then you
can make kind of some more sensible
decisions once you've done that for a
few years yeah I agree I mean I I
actually did the I agree with you but I
did it the other way right so I joined
big Tech and the company's got huge and
you know I I was suddenly focusing on
one little corner of one screen and that
was my entire job right whereas now I'm
at the other end of the scale and I'm
doing everything with with my team but
you know I'm getting that experience
across the board I think if I was to go
back in time you know I wouldn't relive
my experience differently it was it was
great and I'm I'm happy with what I've
done but I think that person starting
out in their career you know I think
there's a lot to be said to uh you know
joining a startup or a scaleup where you
get to do three four five six different
different things get exposure but also I
think you know in addition to that
something that's really important for me
at least is you are crucial to what
you're doing if you do not turn up to
work tomorrow in a startup and your
marketer one of probably not many
marketers then the business will falter
slightly there is a direct line between
Adam Junior marketing person or senior
marketing person at a startup and that
startup growing and doing well right and
that is different and then my lived
experience is actually quite different
when you're working in big tech for
example and you're doing one thing you
don't turn up
tomorrow the company going to do okay I
think the billions are still going to
come in right and so you don't
necessarily feel feel that really really
tight link between what you were doing
in big Tech and the outcome now that's
not to say there isn't an outcome but
the delay of seeing that outcome um is
you know quite long and often quite
difficult to measure so I think it
really comes down to as you progress in
your career thinking what kind of
marketer are you you know are you the
person who needs to feel vital and
crucial and know I made this I this that
is me or are you the kind of marketer
who uh loves
the more soft skills people side of the
business where it's more about influence
and then fighting for your team and you
know ensuring that you you're being a
great brand ambassador for for your team
internally that comes of the politics
that comes of the negotiation that comes
of the tough conversations if you enjoy
that kind of thing fabulous you know my
experience from Big Tech was didn't
really love that side of it uh and I am
much more at home at the direct impact
side of things so
yeah few different dimensions to that
one yeah yeah yeah big big fan of if you
if you've got the ability to to try both
angles and then you and the thing is
because if you get like from the startup
or small business side if you get that
hands-on experience and you feel that
pressure yeah then not only do you have
some of those hard skills but you also
have some of the mindset but it also
means if later on you do decide to work
for a bigger company be at midm Market
size or
Enterprise that maybe has less Reliance
on your own contributions but you're
more managing teams people Etc then
you're also going to understand the
folks that you are managing like their
responsibilities and you're going to
have a bit more I guess empathy towards
what they're doing and how it works and
also not be blind to to certain things
and just have a better understanding of
General marketing contribution and what
moves the needle what drives pipeline
what doesn't so
I think said there's a lot to be said
like when you become more senior or you
work in a big bigger company having had
having done the craft right knowing the
reality of you say the coldface of the
people over there who are working on
those campaigns or that particular thing
uh knowing the the day the the ins and
the outs of it I mean it's incredibly
valuable um just makes you more
authoritative when you're talking about
a specific subject when you're in that
role where it's may be a bigger company
or you're a few steps removed from it so
yeah age with you
cool so if someone does want to maybe
we've got some marketers that are tuning
in perhaps they marketing execs or
marketing managers or something similar
but they want to they have aspirations
to to move up the ladder maybe become
director level VP
level what what should they be thinking
about what are some acual steps they can
take excuse me
um I think firstly it's about remember
ing marketing's place within an
organization right so when you are the
exact way the manager you're typically
executing things that you've been given
to do if you're running a Facebook
campaign you're thinking about number of
conversions cost per you know cost per
acquisition roas all of those metrics
that pertain to marketing and they're
all super important and you need to know
what about them and they are the things
that move the business forward but as
you're that person who wants to get to
the more senior levels you need to be
thinking and connecting marketing to the
business so you know when you're sitting
around the table to from the CFO the COO
all the CES right they don't care about
the Impressions they don't care about
the clixy rate they don't care about how
many downloads you got what they care
about is uh you know are you adding
deals onto pipeline if you're in my kind
of business what is the ARR of those
deals uh what is the ca to lifetime
value uh ratio uh what is your pipeline
coverage that marketing is contributing
to CU they're the things that they have
to go to talk to the board about and say
listen we've got these things that I was
just mentioning uh which show that our
business is in good health or actually
we're struggling a little bit right so
as you get more senior marketing it's
less about the metrics of what you do
day-to-day it's more about the metrics
of the business and you creating the
link between the two right so when I
think about my team you know the way
that I try and bring that that thinking
into my team is saying we're doing a
campaign for example that talks about
you know embedded Finance which is our
area uh and how it can
you help HR tech companies I say to my
team going right how do we think about
success and I say well look there's two
kind of metrics that you can uh think
about here there sany metrics and there
vanity metrics so we think about the
vanity metrics they are the metrics that
the more Junior people uh you know live
and breathe and know super valuable but
they are the you the uh the downloads
the views the conversions all those kind
of things they say and that's great you
know we love those metrics as marketing
however on the sanity side the metrics
that become much more important as
you're then talking to other people
outside of marketing are you know those
business level metrics where the rubber
hits are road so we have made 20 deal
stage changes we have added you know 17
sqls from our ICP and the costs around
that and then how many have gone on to
actually become proper deals or
contracts one that's the language that
you know your CEO wants to talk to you
about not not the
former yeah makes sense makes sense and
do you think it's a Market
responsibility even if that it is
someone that's more Junior in the
organization to start getting themselves
involved in those kind of business
metrics even if it's not necessarily
their role in the a right now so maybe
they've been given a certain task and
they're not really given any oversight
into the pipeline of the business or the
the mqls or the sql's coming in or or
what the the quarterly revenue is and
that kind of stuff should they be then
speaking to to senior folks and trying
trying to get some insight into this so
they can one understand how their
contribution is piping in but maybe
think about what they can be do to to
make progress and start making impact on
on those side of things yeah I think you
gave the answer in in what you're saying
so absolutely you should right you know
it's uh the cliche but we all ownn our
careers we all ownn our own progression
you want to progress you want to get to
that next level you know where you can
start is talking to your boss who's
probably having those conversations
about those metrics and the the business
metrics and the things that they care
about and just asking them how they can
help you get exposure to them be
inquisitive have that conversation and
say bring me into those conversations
can I help with this the only way you're
going to get exposure to them is by
getting yourselves into the the forums
in which those numbers are talked about
right if you keep yourself locked away
to what you're doing you're never going
to progress on that you might be really
lucky and have a manager who just
naturally picks you up and brings you
along with you uh sometimes
unfortunately that's not the case so
it's about however you do it inserting
yourself into those conversations and
making sure that you are are able to
understand how this campaign's
conversions ladder up to pipeline
delivery right there's a clear clear
connection but until you are part of
those conversations you don't know how
to talk about it so you have to do it is
there any I don't like to use the word
hacks but I'm going to say it anyway but
you've you've done all sorts of
marketing roles and you've run your own
business is there anything any insights
that like pretend you were listening a
few years back when you're early in your
your marketing career that you say look
if you actually did XYZ now knowing what
I know now you'd probably make it to
where you where you wanted to go let's
pretend somewhere else like you started
here you wanted to go here or if a
younger marketers tuning in and you
could say to them look if you do these
steps you're going to get where you want
to go like a couple years
quicker yeah maybe I could offer you one
which is always know what it is that
your boss cares about and what their
boss cares about and then get very good
at uh delivering against that right so
if for example you're working on five
different projects and there's only one
of them that your boss is ask you about
constantly or the boss above them is
really caring about but yet you're
spending all your time talking about the
other ones it's probably okay but really
you've got to get very good at knowing
what success looks like what they really
really care about and then delivering
that and making sure they understand you
know how you you've driven that success
right I think that's one thing so
aligning yourself with the things that
people really care about kind of comes
back to I was just talking about in
terms of those business level metrics
being able to oh there's a thumb coming
up being able to uh clearly demonstrate
that you're thinking in the same lines
as them and you know what those metrics
are and then you're delivering against
those metrics for them I think that will
give you a little bit of a grease on the
path for you to get you get you faster
where you need to
go and then to wrap things up marketers
that are perhaps as mental as you or I
that maybe don't have asp irations to
move up the ladder and become an exec
within within their organization but
instead they want to start their own
thing they want to found and build their
own business any recommendations on that
front can I say don't do
it I'd probably say I mean it depends
right i' I've probably still got PTSD
from doing my own business you know I I
didn't actually go and do a marketing
business I did a food business right
um the answer is do it right but let let
me unpack it a little a little bit for
you so you know it's interesting though
because we're talking about the number
of big layoffs that are happening at the
moment um uh I've saw a stat from Biz
report that said that 133% of all of
those layoff laid off people are
actually becoming entrepreneurs and if
you look at companies like meta and I
think the other one was Amazon or
something like one in three of them at
meta are becoming entrepreneurs one in
four of them are becoming entrepreneurs
interesting Amazon so in a way I suppose
it's probably creative destruction right
those people who want to be could be
entrepreneur
are actually now giv that push given
that push get out the door leave your
free Apple behind in the kitchen or you
go and do your own thing right
um I suppose you know the first question
I would say to people and it's kind of
questions that I I said to my meta
colleagues who would come and see my
business time in in London that and they
say oh I love what you're doing here I'd
love to do that one day and I say why do
you want to do this are you in big Tech
and you hate your job just quit just do
something else or go on holiday and come
back and then maybe start looking for
something else starting your your own
business is not the answer why because
you know what starting your business is
bloody
hard people would I had a food business
we had three locations um people would
come down to me and say I love this you
know must be be such a great lifestyle
uh move and I'm like let me tell you
about this lifestyle move this business
this one shop takes in half a million a
year across the business I had 25 people
to worry about three
locations um it's constant grind and
it's 7 days a week it's pitching for
funding one minute or fixing an oven the
next you're always on you're never off
again this is purely because I was I
wasn't doing a Services based business I
was doing a product based business so it
is hard grind you know and my learning
was at the end of the 5 years my partner
and I we looked at each other and I said
I hate this do you and he said yeah I do
I said well look CO's here we're not
I've done all the numbers they're not
going to be able to survive this so I
think we just need to recognize the fact
that we are the not right the right
people try and navigate this this path
let's close it and let's move on and
doing
it so you know that's my story but
um I think a few practicalities for the
B2B marketer who's thinking about maybe
starting their own business is realizing
that maybe you've been a generalist in
your career but guess what when you've
got your own business my Lord are you
going to be a generalist you need to do
absolutely everything it's not just I'm
going to do some marketing you need to
be able to do HR you need to be able to
do Tech you need to do legal you need to
do ops you need to do everything in my
case I would go from pitching investment
to fixing the toilet later on that that
evening right it's uh all the things
you're going to have to get your hands
across including p&l cash flow modeling
that's not something you typically get
your head across in in a marketing role
you know these spreadsheets those guys
over there were doing like you've got to
be able to do them and you've got to
raise more money so there numbers in
their spreadsheets look better right and
I say the last thing I'll leave you on
is uh that's me tell my new meetings
coming up but the last thing I'll I'll
mention is pick your co-founder wisely
if you do it by yourself it's actually
quite a lonely Affair but if you do it
with somebody else it could be a lot
better but make sure you choose the
right person I chose my husband in this
case Jace um and it was not a good move
shall we say living together working
together doing a business together you
know it was way too much and I would
never do it again uh find somebody else
who's got complimentary skills to you
and so that when you're coming home also
you are not talking about work together
uh you do one part they do another part
and You' got to you've got to get on and
be able to do it for the long term but I
would say you got the Curiosity and you
know you're doing it for the right
reasons absolutely do it I don't regret
it for one second despite losing those
money you know whatever one life give it
a go I appreciate the transparency I've
I've been through a lot of those things
in a previous business actually that I
won't I won't dive into just now but I
completely resonate with making sure you
work with the right folks and not diving
into it too fast I had the fortunate I
guess fortunate experience I
worked in my last service-based agency I
was originally a seller and then a
marketer then like a project manager
then got involved in delivery and then
eventually became a third share owner
which I should never have done in
hindsight because like you say if you
jump into working with people that might
not necessarily be the best fit for what
you're trying to get out of it as an end
result yeah exactly then you're stuck in
it and um it's not always a pretty end
end in and then eventually you got your
money in it and how do you get your
money out and walk off it's not easy
yeah exactly so I think definitely and
like you said it's you might be good at
your trade now but when you start a
business you're not just doing marketing
you're doing selling you're doing
marketing eventually managing people
perhaps unless you start by your own
then you're doing
finance account you're doing
everything um you got to keep cash cash
flow positive and is a lot of work so I
always say yeah be a bit smarter than I
was try
and do if you've got the ability to do
so do something on the side for a little
bit whether that is if you're B2B
marketing maybe consulting or running
some kind of offer so you can one see if
you actually like doing it two see if
you actually make some sales see if
people actually buy your stuff if it's
got some longevity build up some cash
flow on the side so you're not going in
blind get a feel get a taste for it
before you just dive and say I'm going
to start Ming Biz cuz million and also I
think you know if you are moving into a
business idea that you want to set up
and you know the business that you're
working in is not a million miles away
from what it's doing you know see what
you can do in the company where they're
paying you right now uh to get around
those other teams and learn the reality
of what they do in Ops what do they do
in Tech and Engineering how does the HR
team think about payroll that kind of
thing what exposure can you get the
company you're at right now so that you
can learn on your current company's dime
and take that with you to your next one
yeah exactly basically gear nothing's
going to gear you up fully for it but if
you can do everything you can to get
ready like you say it's it makes it the
transition a little bit easier um cool
good good not to end on appreciate the
conversation Adam enjoyed the chat
always yeah good fun please do share
more about haveone tuning in can learn
from yourself and if there's any way you
want to send our
audience as much as I moan about it
sometimes you want to you want to catch
up and talk about anything that we've
been discussing find me at LinkedIn just
put my name in and you'll see my bald
head and my and my face and you know
it's me there we go good stuff well
thanks once again enjoyed the chat
likewise cheers Sam thank you no worries
and as always if you enjoyed the episode
why not head over to Breaking bb.com hit
that newsletter Tab and you can get our
week daily ramblings when it comes to
unusual B2B marketing experiments
podcast updates weird SEO tips and more
that's breaking bb.com and hit the
newsletter tab to join a few thousand
marketers enjoying that one and with
that we should catch you on the next one
thanks very much for tuning in